Brother Nan, you are because of that country woman
Or because of a grudge against me for ending my marriage?
Even if you don't consider it
I also want to think about Uncle Rong and Aunt He
Think what you like
But now I'm married.
You go back and tell me by the way
The old man said
When I return to the capital, I have the final say
It has nothing to do with him.
Do you even dare to ignore Uncle Rong's words?
Do you know that I hate it when people feel lonely for me?
That's not what I meant.
I just think there is a misunderstanding between you and Uncle Rong
Misunderstanding At first, he let me go to the grassroots to experience life
It is said that suffering can hone the mind
Here I come.
But now my heart has only been honed and matured
What am I going to do?
Nan Ge
Okay, I'm done here.
This country has no place for your kind of spiritual rule
Just go.
Ok I'll go back first
But who are you with?
Can't be with that country woman
Ningyuan is from Ningnan City
He's not a village woman
and
Even if he is a country woman, he is still my wife
Brother Nan, you have been in the country for a long time and your mind is not clear.
Not for your future wife
Will give you time to think about it
I'll come again next time.
We didn't have anything to do with each other
It's better not to be two wide.
Don't come here in the future
Save my lover the fear
Latex man, you are too much.
Have you heard enough?
I've heard enough, come in now